[Automated][azure-resource-manager] Fix doc comment typos and add suppress documentation for ARM library (#4433)
Azure/typespec-azure: eng/scripts/doc-updater/knowledge/azure-resource-manager.md

## Build Requirements

- Node.js >= 22 is required for `pnpm install` and `pnpm build`.
- Build the ARM package with: `pnpm -r --filter "@azure-tools/typespec-azure-resource-manager..." build`
- Format with: `pnpm format`
- If the default Node.js is too old, download Node 22 manually and prepend to PATH.

## Operation Templates (Not Deprecated)

`ArmResourcePatchAsync` and `ArmResourcePatchSync` exist and are not deprecated, though they are noted as "not recommended" in resource-operations.md. `ArmCustomPatchSync` and `ArmCustomPatchAsync` are the preferred alternatives.

`TrackedResourceOperations` interface is current. `ResourceOperations` is deprecated (use `TrackedResourceOperations` instead).

## ArmTagsPatch Suppress Requirement

`ArmTagsPatchSync`, `ArmTagsPatchAsync`, `ArmResourcePatchSync`, and `ArmResourcePatchAsync` use `@patch(#{ implicitOptionality: true })` which triggers a deprecation warning. Users must add `#suppress "@typespec/http/deprecated-implicit-optionality" "Legacy"` at the usage site. This is documented in `resource-operations.md`.

## Getting-Started Guide Style

> The getting-started guide uses a simplified pattern without `@versioned` for beginner friendliness. The `@service` decorator should NOT include a `version` parameter (version comes from `@versioned` when used). The guide uses `ArmCustomPatchSync` (not ArmTagsPatch) to avoid the suppress complexity.

Author: ```suggestion
The `@service` decorator should NOT include a `version` parameter (version comes from `@versioned` when used). The guide uses `ArmCustomPatchSync` (not ArmTagsPatch) because that is the recommendation, based on the requirements of the ARM RPC (Resource Provider Contract).
```
